Ouch, Mr. Hua, haha forest utensils.
This must be a jadeite that I like to make very much.
Take a look.
You bet on stones?
Stone gambling is a game that costs money
Just him.
How does this play?
Do you think you can turn green?
It should be fine.
It turns out that your kid is fooled
Wan Wan, your friend is very interesting.
For the sake of Wan Wan's face, I will help you choose
I've seen this piece before
And I have 70% of the ability to open arms to the Ming Dynasty
That's definitely good stuff.
Mr. Hua really deserves to be Caiyun Jewelry Group
The chairman's granddaughter?
The one I chose looks better than yours.
Your rough stone is from Xinkeng City.
Even if you can line up, you will fight the world
At most, the account is the bias of the promise
How can you make a bet with someone like me?